# Game-Development-Capstone-Project: Project Fantasia
A fantasy text adventure game with top-down 2d visual elements that I refer to as "Project Fantasia", I endeavored to make this as a capstone project for my Game Development 2 course at PTC.

During the initial stages of its development, I drew predominantly from a mix of titles, though most notably I drew from the modern text adventure games of CYPHER for its simplistic and uniquely thematic approach to the genre, and early incarnations of Fenoxo's Trials in Tainted Space for its easily laid out UI and user-friendly approach to overworld travel. 

Story-wise however, I was rather indecisive regarding what exactly I wanted for this project in the beginning.

Starting as a short story of mine that became a blueprint in the previous term's Game Development 1 class, I initially set out to create a more gritty and mature title with a story and setting in line with the science-fiction works of William Gibson - most notably Neuromancer and the Bridge Trillogy's first and second novels of Virtual Light and Idoru - and other works such as MICA Team's Girls' Frontline, Mike Pondmith's Cyberpunk 2020, and Neal Stephenson's Snow Crash.  However, after finding restrictions were put in place as to what could and could not be used in these projects, I was forced to start more or less from scratch, as not only did I see little use in stripping a setting of mine of valuable worldbuilding, but additionally I knew that doing so would sap my interest in the project as a whole almost overnight.
As such, in the place of a cyberpunk title with grimy, rain-slick streets and vibes of high-tech low-life, I instead took the game in a more high fantasy direction that drew its elements from early JRPGs and TRPGs. 

Set it in an as-of-yet-unnamed fantasy world that drew its surface elements from both snippets of my own writing and games like Final Fantasy Tactics, Dark Souls, and Ryuutama: Project Fantasia has the player taking the role of an unnamed protagonist who awakens in the depths of a long abandoned dungeon complex with little in the way of memory.  The goal of the game as a whole is to have the player go from room to room, solving a series of puzzles before eventually being assigned a task by an NPC to locate a book that has been hidden somewhere in the dungeon so they could finally leave. 

However, as it may become apparent to those inspecting this project of mine, it is in an incomplete state. Sadly, this partially finished status is thanks in no small part to several factors outside my control at the time of this project's creation. Firstly, the capstone project was a solo assignment, meaning that I couldn't assign tasks to another person while developing the main body of the game itself. Secondly, was the issue of being the only person familiar with and working on a 2d title at the time, meaning that in areas I was unfamiliar with, immediate help wasn't readily available. Last are the repeated technical difficulties wich cropped up during this project's creation, ranging from soft-locked puzzles and item duplication, to UI and program-breaking bugs.
